feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579dfd504a9ad385a3a4fd9.md

---
id: 6579dfd504a9ad385a3a4fd9
title: Task 48
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-48
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Sophie: "Good morning, everyone. I've had some ideas about improving our coding practices."
-->

# --description--

> Understanding the past tense 'had' and its use in the phrase 'I've had' is crucial. 'Had' is the past tense and past participle of 'have.' When used as 'I've had,' it indicates something that happened in the past and has relevance to the present. For example, 'I've had breakfast' implies the person ate breakfast earlier, and it affects their current state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the past tense `had` and its use in the phrase `I've had` is crucial. `Had` is the past tense and past participle of `have`. When used as `I've had`, it indicates something that happened in the past and has relevance to the present. For example, `I've had breakfast` implies the person ate breakfast earlier, and it affects their current state.
```

# --question--

## --text--

What is Sophie communicating with her statement?

## --answers--

`She is currently thinking of ideas to improve coding practices`

### --feedback--

> 'I've had' suggests she already thought of the ideas, not that she is currently thinking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`I've had` suggests she already thought of the ideas, not that she is currently thinking.
```
